Add documentation for the new setting of cardinality aggregation dynamic pruning (#7341)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/search-settings.md

- `search.max_aggregation_rewrite_filters` (Dynamic, integer): Determines the maximum number of rewrite filters allowed during aggregation. Set this value to `0` to disable the filter rewrite optimization for aggregations.

> - `search.dynamic_pruning.cardinality_aggregation.max_allowed_cardinality` (Dynamic, integer): Determines the threshold for applying dynamic pruning in cardinality aggregation. If a field’s cardinality exceeds this threshold, the aggregation will revert to the default method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `search.dynamic_pruning.cardinality_aggregation.max_allowed_cardinality` (Dynamic, integer): Determines the threshold for applying dynamic pruning in cardinality aggregation. If a field’s cardinality exceeds this threshold, the aggregation reverts to the default method.
```
